README.md, before:

Only 246 lines of code!!

# goto-char-timer

like emacs avy-goto-char-timer

you can jump the cursor to anywhere

activate the extension

quickly type the text where you want the cursor to go to

after a pause, the extension will add an overlay to all the matches

type the text in the overlay

then the cursor jumps to the begining of that match

## Features

There are other similar extensions but I didn't find any that worked the way I wanted.

## Requirements

## Extension Settings

TODO timeout

TODO character set to use for jump completions

e.g.

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `gotoCharTimer.timeout`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `gotoCharTimeout.charset`: e.g. `asdfghjkl` for homerow or `aoeuidhtns` for dvorak homerow. defaults to `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz`

## Known Issues

### messes up marked regions
when it jumps the cursor, it creates a new selected region start and end. it should not do that...

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0

Initial release.

## Following extension guidelines

Ensure that you've read through the extensions guidelines and follow the best practices for creating your extension.

* [Extension Guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/extension-guidelines)

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux).
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux).
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets.

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

docs: update README with label length issue and improve clarity
refactor: replace function call with constant for incremental match decoration

README.md, after:

Only 246 lines of code!!

# goto-char-timer

like emacs avy-goto-char-timer

you can jump the cursor to anywhere

activate the extension

quickly type the text where you want the cursor to go to

after a pause, the extension will add an overlay to all the matches

type the text in the overlay

then the cursor jumps to the begining of that match

## Features

There are other similar extensions but I didn't find any that worked the way I wanted.

## Requirements

## Extension Settings

TODO timeout

TODO character set to use for jump completions

e.g.

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `gotoCharTimer.timeout`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `gotoCharTimeout.charset`: e.g. `asdfghjkl` for homerow or `aoeuidhtns` for dvorak homerow. defaults to `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz`

## Known Issues

### messes up marked regions
when it jumps the cursor, it creates a new selected region start and end. it should not do that...

### lables are longer than they need to be
if there's enough matches to bump up the label length then all lables are longer even though you might have an unambiguous match at a shorter number of characters

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0

Initial release.

## Following extension guidelines

Ensure that you've read through the extensions guidelines and follow the best practices for creating your extension.

* [Extension Guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/extension-guidelines)

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux).
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux).
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets.

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**
